Minister of Criminal Affairs
The ladder staff of the Minister of Rites and Imperial History Zuodu
Have you arranged it all?
Is it the princess who wants to know or the forgetful who wants to know?
What's the difference?
Of course there is.
If the princess wants King Jin to know
Just kiss me
I will tell you
You dare to fall in love with the late emperor Yu Shuang
Emperor Yu Shuang also thinks about red apricots all day long
Cheaper, others are not as cheap as me
Dear or not?
Haha, this concubine is still in love
Don't count the money for others after you've been sold.
Your Majesty, Your Majesty is not well
Floods in Jiangnan
The ministers are waiting for His Majesty to make up his mind
You haven't told me the answer yet.
If the king wants to place his own hands
There's always a price to pay
What do you want?
I have
Your Majesty, there is a flood in Jiangnan
The common people lost their lock
Apologies are everywhere
Evil scoop
Why doesn't the prime minister provide disaster relief?
Now the treasury is short of food
Besides, you have to deal with the nest
send troops to Liaodong
Incapable of disaster relief
Insufficient stock
Can you give meat to the common people?
No.
What is the expression of making love?
Am I wrong?
Why not a meat lover?